I am a person who wants to work in a nice team environment and make lots of friends. I consider myself to be an extroverted person since I genuinely try to make a lot of friends. In college, I try to talk to the friends in my class and get to know them better. I also try to bring on a smile and wave hi to the people that I know. I love working in an open space and in a light bright environment. I am also a hard worker who will work nonstop to finish a goal. I try to understand the material as fast as possible despite me taking a while to learn concepts. To quicken learning I try to take notes as I read the textbook and listen to a lecture. If I still don’t understand, I go to office hours as ask the professor for more help. I enjoy watching movie and anime since they are very interesting. One of my favorite anime is called Kaguya wants to be confessed too which is a anime which is very fluffy and cute. I also enjoy swimming and playing water polo since I enjoy being in water and its really cool. I also enjoy playing minesweeper despite that game being so annoying and impossible to pass. Like seriously, how can I predict when literally every single spot is a bomb. I have a friend who is good at minesweeper and he says its skill and pattern recognition, but I think that he is a big fat liar. I also love to sleep. I sleep during the night, day and morning. I have no idea why sleeping is so fun, its probably because I don’t have to do anything at all. I just lie in my comfy bed and think about all the anime that I watched. Honestly, I procrastinate a lot I was just lying about before. Turns out that I am a big fat liar too! Ha ha ha. Why am I even writing this stupid essay anyways? I should have stopped a long time ago. In fact, I don’t want to get a job! My parents told me to do this because they are tired of me sleeping in the house all day long and playing Fortnite with 12 year olds. My favorite twitch streamer is Ninja and I constantly try to show off my Fortnite dance skills during family parties. I also play heroes of the storm despite that being basically a dead game now. I am dead inside anyways so works out in the end. I also love to drink pearl milk tea because I love having balls in my mouth and suck on them. Just kiding I hate boba, it is a great evil in the world. I am all for having milk tea and just getting high on that. Oh I also like to play League of Legends. I am an attack damage carry and I like being the superstar of my team. Sometimes I just have garbage teammates in my game who cost me everything, but sadly I can’t just win them all. I also like listening to kpop, as currently I am listening to YES OR YES as I write this song.