Hi, my name is Derek Wang, Im a Sophomore in University of California, Santa Barbara majoring in Computer Science. I like playing video games and watching anime. However, I don’t seem to be watching anime that frequently now. When I was younger, I would watch every anime ever created and talk about it every day. Now though, I feel like anime takes too much time commitment to watch. So most of the time, I’m reluctant to watch. However, I realized that sometimes watching anime with friends is fun. Me and my friend Kevin would sometimes watch a lot of anime together and laugh and yell about the absurdities and comedy in anime. Regardless, anime holds a special place in my heart and I still watch it now and then. Shifting from anime, I also like playing video games. Compared to about half the gaming population who only like to play a single game like League of Legends or CSGO, I like to call myself a hardcore allrounder gamer. What that means is that I like to play a lot of different types of games. From rhythm games to action games all the way to dating sims, I like playing different types of games and enjoying the medium in different ways. As for the hardcore portion, for the games that I felt a special connection to, I would dedicate hours upon hours of time playing that singular game. Games like Osu, Fortnight, Overwatch, Factorio, and XCom all made me lose nights of sleep. I feel like games themselves let you enjoy either the fantasy of the game or the reflection of your skills as a gamer. Just watching yourself improve yourself day after day is an amazing feeling to feel. And I feel like this feeling is what made me love video games so much. Out of my hobbies, I am now taking classes that involve a lot of reading. It’s really stressful, seeing all of the pages I have to read every day and thinking about all the free time I can’t spend anymore. Last year, I had so much time to play around. But now, I actually have to plan my time accordingly to finish reading all of my books. Speaking of the classes that involve a lot of reading, my history class gave us so much reading. Literally, the professor told us to buy two volumes of a textbook since the chapters he covers go through both volumes. I was infuriated by this. Why in the world should we buy two books. That’s crazy! Also, the reading literally doesnt relate to lecture at all, and that’s what I hate about the reading assignments. It feels like the professors is like “oh here’s some reading that you have to learn all by yourself, it might or might not be on the test”. And here I am just diligently reading wondering if this time spent will even be useful or not. Who knows, maybe after a few weeks of reading, I’ll just stop doing the history assignments. But doing so makes me feel uneasy. It’s like I might miss something and screw up. Speaking of screw ups, today I woke up exactly at eleven o’ clock in the morning, the time when my lecture started! I was so mad when I realized this and immediately got ready to go to class. Apparently, last night, I set the alarm to 10:45 PM, not AM. I’ve done this so many times that I feel like Apple should just update their clocks so that AM and PM are more distinguishable and stop me from making stupid mistakes such as that. Right now, I’m just sitting in Corwin Pavillion writing this Personal essay(?) since we need examples to use in our project in the Hack-a-thon. The funny thing is that I didn’t even expect to go to this Hack-a-thon this year since I was on the wait-list. But lo and behold, I somehow got in and ruined all the plans I made this weekend. Now I have to spend a day and a half here programming and waiting for others to finish their work. It’s not all that bad. I got my friend Wes to keep me company and the environments pretty chill. However, I feel like it can get noisy and rowdy sometimes, making me agitated whenever I have to read and understand the textbook. Now, the room has cleared a bit as many hackers went to go sleep. To me, sleep is both good and bad. I feel like it’s a neccessity to keep on working but I also feel like it wastes so much time. If I could lessen the time it takes my body to rest through sleeping, I’d be a happy boy. Anyways, right now I am taking Greek Mythology, American People, Computer Science, and Physics 4. American People is a rather bland class. It seems interesting, but the professor doesn’t really articulate the concepts really well. It’s like it takes a while for me to understand what the main point is. After class, I even overheard some students saying that the professor is the most dry professor they have ever seen. I don’t think that’s true, but he does seem a bit dry. Greek Mythology on the other hand is really fun. The professor knows how to lead his lectures and he makes them entertaining to listen to, far different from the American People class. It’s probably because Greek myths are much more crazy and eventful than American history in general. Just think of monsters and men fighting, gods bickering, and the whole thing sounds cooler than some Americans throwing tea off some ship. That might not even be part of what we’re learning about. Anyways, for Physics 4, we are continuing the long legacy of physics and are learning about magnetism. Later on, it seems like we’ll be learning about optics, which Im not looking forward to. Last time I learned optics was when I was studying for the SAT Physics test on the next day. That was not fun. But right now, the class seems alright. Actually, the professor is really bad at really emphasizing the important concepts we need to know. He does this sometimes, but most of the time, I dont know what’s important and what’s not. The pace is all wonky and we even have to write an essay about what we’re learning every week. That’s so much work! Lastly, Computer Science is an alright class. I finally get to go back to learning about C++ and actually knowing what an iterator is. Funny thing is that I made a reminder like a year ago telling myself to study up on what an iterator is. I guess I finally got to doing that task. Other than that, I’m slightly nervous about what we will be tested on in CS. The professor keeps emphasizing that we got to know many concepts in lab and in lectures and it’s freaking me out. I feel like I’ll forget a tid bit he said at one point of the lecture. Regardless, the class will surely get me to remember how to code in C++ again and teach me new things. Since it’s Winter, it’s been rather cold. I’ve been wearing three layers every day and staying warm. However, I feel like the new style of clothes makes me look like a mega nerd, which is probably a big negative to me. I don’t know, I don’t really want to look like a big nerd. It’s not really something I want to be imaged as. But it seems everyone still recognizes me, so I guess I am a nerd. I guess I’ll live with it. Hopefully once my hair grows out again, I won’t look so much like an Asian nerd. Also, according to the weather forecast, it seems like it’ll be raining for a while this week, which sucks since now I have to prepare a rain jacket. That thing fills like half of my backpack! And wearing it makes we feel like an eskimo or something. Like, it never rains in Santa Barbara! The idea is barbaric! Santa Barabara is a place where rain never comes. It’s always the same weather, day in and day out. Now it’s raining?! That doesn’t seem right. It’s probably because of the fact that it’s Winter but I don’t care! Make it less windy and cold and rainy. Actually, now that I think about it, the cold weather is fine as long as I dress warm enough. Clothes always overcomes the cold. Anyways, I’ve been ranting about my feelings for a while now. I should probably stop this madness and try running this through the personality tester I made a while back in the Hack-a-thon. That seems like a good idea. But then I want to write two pages of this and brag to Wes about how much I was able to write and how little he was able to write. So as I try to squeeze out as much fluff as possible, I would like anyone who is reading this that I’m thankful you spent this much time reading this. I have no idea why you’re reading this, but thanks! You’re a true sport! Anyways, that’s it for now. See ya!